#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
langchain==0.3.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.19
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-ollama==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
narwhals==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
ollama==0.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-ollama
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.43.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
